433 Feeds: PrivateChannels and returning channels from intents (#508)
finos/FDC3: docs/api/ref/Types.md

## `IntentHandler`

```typescript
type IntentHandler = (context: Context) => Promise<IntentResult> | void;
```

Describes a callback that handles a context event and may return a promise of a Context or Channel object to be returned to the application that raised the intent.

Used when attaching listeners for raised intents.

#### See also
* [`Context`](#context)
* [`PrivateChannel`](PrivateChannel)
* [`DesktopAgent.addIntentListener`](DesktopAgent#addintentlistener)
* [`Channel.addContextListener`](Channel#addcontextlistener)

## `IntentResult`

```typescript
type IntentResult = Context | Channel;
```

Describes results that an Intent handler may optionally return that should be communicated back to the app that raised the intent, via the [`IntentResolution`](Metadata#intentresolution). 

> Represented as a union type in Typescript, however, this type may be rendered as an interface in other languages that both the Context and Channel types implement, allowing either to be returned by an intent handler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Represented as a union type in TypeScript, however, this type may be rendered as an interface in other languages that both the Context and Channel types implement, allowing either to be returned by an intent handler.
```

> Represented as a union type in Typescript, however, this type may be rendered as an interface in other languages that both the Context and Channel types implement, allowing either to be returned by an intent handler.

Reviewer: inconsistent capitalization of 'intent' in 'an intent handler'

Author: Adjusted suggestion - we should use code highlighting for any actual types so went with `IntentHandler`

> Represented as a union type in Typescript, however, this type may be rendered as an interface in other languages that both the Context and Channel types implement, allowing either to be returned by an intent handler.

Author: ```suggestion
Represented as a union type in Typescript, however, this type may be rendered as an interface in other languages that both the `Context` and `Channel` types implement, allowing either to be returned by an `IntentHandler`.
```
